Document `--cred-file` flag #582 (#583)
enonic/cli-enonic: docs/.snippets.adoc

// tag::credentials-flags[]
|`-a, --auth`

> |Authentication token for basic authentication in the following format <user:password>. Starting from XP 7.15, the `--auth` flag is *deprecated*. Use service account keys with `--cred-file` flag instead

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|A token for basic authentication in the following format <user:password>. Starting from XP 7.15, the `--auth` flag is *deprecated*. Use service account keys with `--cred-file` flag instead
```

|`--cred-file`

> |The path to the service account key file (in JSON format). This is only available for XP version 7.15 and later. Key file can be generated by Users application for System ID Provider users (aka Service Accounts). If specified, the flag `--auth` or `-a` will be ignored

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Path to a service account key file (in JSON format). This flag will only work with XP 7.15 or later. A key file can be generated in the Users application for System ID Provider users (aka Service Accounts). If specified, the flag `--auth` or `-a` will be ignored.
```

// end::credentials-flags[]

// tag::credentials-flags-notes[]
[NOTE]
====

> * if the `auth` param is missing and there is no valid session the CLI will look for `ENONIC_CLI_REMOTE_USER` and `ENONIC_CLI_REMOTE_PASS` environment variables. See <<environment_variables, configuration section.>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if the `auth` param is missing and there is no valid session, CLI will look for `ENONIC_CLI_REMOTE_USER` and `ENONIC_CLI_REMOTE_PASS` environment variables. See <<environment_variables, configuration section.>>
```

> * if the `cred-file` param is missing, the CLI will look for the `ENONIC_CLI_CRED_FILE` environment variable. If this environment variable is also missing, then the CLI will fall back to the `auth` param. See <<environment_variables, configuration section.>>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* if the `cred-file` param is missing, CLI will look for the `ENONIC_CLI_CRED_FILE` environment variable. If this environment variable is also missing, then CLI will fall back to the `auth` param. See <<environment_variables, configuration section.>>
```
